Docs: iterate over architecture and accounts (#327)
0xPolygonMiden/miden-base: docs/src/architecture/accounts.md

The diagram below illustrates basic components of an account. In Miden every account is a smart contract.

<p align="center">

>     <img src="../diagrams/architecture/account/Account_Definition.png" style="width: 50%;">

Author: done, good point

</p>

In the above picture, you can see:

* **Account ID &rarr;** a unique identifier of an account which does not change throughout its lifetime
* **Storage &rarr;** user-defined data which can be stored in an account
* **Nonce &rarr;** a counter which must be incremented whenever the account state changes
* **Vault &rarr;** a collection of assets stored in an account
* **Code &rarr;** a collection of functions which define the external interface for an account

### Account ID
~63 bits (1 Felt) long identifier for the account. The four most significant bits specify its type and the [storage mode](https://0xpolygonmiden.github.io/miden-base/architecture/accounts.html#account-storage-modes). 

#### Account types
There are four types of accounts in Miden:

| | Regular updatable account | Regular immutable account | Faucet for fungible assets | Faucet for non-fungible assets |
|---|---|---|---|---|

> | **Description** | For most users, e.g. a wallet. Code specification and change possible. | For most smart contracts. Once deployed code is immutable. | Users can issue fungible assets and customize them. | Users can issue non-fungible assets and customize them. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Description** | For most users, e.g. a wallet. Code changes allowed, including public API. | For most smart contracts. Once deployed code is immutable. | Users can issue fungible assets and customize them. | Users can issue non-fungible assets and customize them. |
```

| **Code updatability** | yes | no | no | no |
| **Most significant bits** | `00` | `01` | `10` | `11` |

#### Account storage mode

> Account data - stored by the Miden Node - can be public, private, or encrypted. The third and fourth most significant bits of the account ID specifies whether the account data is public `00`, encrypted `01`, or private `11`.

Reviewer: If this is public-facing (i.e. not for internal developers), then I don't think we need to explain that level of detail.

And we should say something like "In Miden, there are three storage modes for accounts: public, private or encypted", then perhaps have a bullet point or subsection for each

* Accounts with **public state**, where the actual state is stored onchain. These would be similar to how accounts work in public blockchains. Smart contracts that depend on public shared state should be stored public on Miden, e.g., DEX contract.
* Account with **encrypted state**, where the account data is stored onchain but in encrypted text. It provides liveness guarantee of the protocol for the account in question.

> * Accounts with **private state**, where only the hash of the account is stored onchain. Users who want stay private and take care of their own data should choose this mode. The hash is defined as: `hash([account ID, 0, 0, nonce], [vault root], [storage root], [code root])`.

Reviewer 2: I would probably separate encrypted state from the other two for now as we don't yet support it (and we still need to figure out how exactly we want to do this). Maybe say something like: "In the future, we'll also support ...".

#### Example Account ID (big-endian)

<p align="center">
    <img src="../diagrams/architecture/account/Account_ID.png">

> </p>

Reviewer: Not sure we need to show this

Author: I will remove it.

This example shows a regular updatable account that will be publicly stored onchain.

*Note: Miden uses little-endian by default, but big-endian for better readability in the picture above.*

### Account Storage
Storage for user-defined data. `AccountStorage` is composed of two components.

The first component is a simple sparse Merkle tree of depth `8` which is index addressable. This provides the user with `256` `Word` slots.

> Users requiring additional storage can use the second component a `MerkleStore`. It allows users to store any Merkle structures they need. The root of the Merkle structure can be stored as a leaf in a simple sparse Merkle tree. When `AccountStorage` is serialized it will check if any of the leafs in the simple sparse Merkle tree are Merkle roots of other Merkle structures. If any Merkle roots are found then the Merkle structures will be persisted in the `AccountStorage` `MerkleStore`.

Reviewer: This is the right amount of detail IMO

* Alice shares the new Account ID to Bob (eg. when Alice wants to receive funds)
* Bob executes a transaction and creates a note that contains an asset for Alice
* Alice consumes Bob's note to receive the asset in a transaction

> * Depending on the account storage mode (private vs. public) and transaction type (local vs. network) the Operator receives the new Account ID eventually and - if the transaction is correct - adds the ID to the Account DB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Depending on the account storage mode (private vs. encrypted vs. public) and transaction type (local vs. network) the operator receives the new Account ID eventually and - if the transaction is correct - adds the ID to the Account DB
```

We say "depending on account storage mode and transaction type", but we never refer back to how this affects what the operator does. If we don't want to go in that amount of detail, I would just say the "operator adds the account data or just ID to the account DB" part
